Update airflow setup instructions (#566)
stellar/stellar-etl-airflow: README.md

*Note:* more general instructions for setting up the environment can be found [here](https://cloud.google.com/composer/docs/composer-2/create-environments)

---

#### **a. Create a service account**

Setting up a composer environment requires a service account. Generate a [service account](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/service-accounts-create) that has following access:

- Composer Worker
- Editor
- Secret Manager Secret Accessor
- Storage Admin
- Storage Insights Collector Service
- Storage Object Admin
- Cloud Composer v2 API Service Agent Extension

#### **b. Create Google Cloud Composer environment**

Create a new Cloud Composer environment using the [UI](https://console.cloud.google.com/composer/environments/create) or by following the setup instructions in [Create Cloud Composer environments](https://cloud.google.com/composer/docs/how-to/managing/creating) Cloud Composer may take 20-25 mins to setup the environment. Once the process is finished, you can view the environment by going to the [Composer section of the Cloud Console](https://console.cloud.google.com/composer/environments).

> *Note:* Cloud Composer 1 is in the post-maintenance mode. Google does not release any further updates to Cloud Composer 1, including new versions of Airflow, bugfixes, and security updates. [Composer 1](https://cloud.google.com/composer/docs/concepts/overview)

Reviewer: Should we just advise _against_ creating a Composer 1 env, and to opt for Composer 2 or 3?

Author: ```suggestion
*Note:* Cloud Composer 1 is in the post-maintenance mode. We **do not** advise to use this version and ask to use either v2/3.
```

#### **c. Upload DAGs and Schemas to Cloud Composer**

After the environment is created, select the environment and navigate to the environment configuration tab. Look for the value under the DAGs **folder**. It will be of the form `gs://airflow_bucket/dags`. The `airflow_bucket` value will be used in this step and the next. Run the command below in order to upload the DAGs and schemas to your Airflow bucket.

```
> bash upload_static_to_gcs.sh <airflow_bucket>
```

#### **d. Setup following in composer environment**

- Airflow configuration overrides
- Environment Variables
- Labels
- PYPI packages

#### **e. Add airflow Variables and connections in airflow UI**

Click the Admin tab, then Connections. Click create, then:

- Set the `Conn Id` field to `google_cloud_platform_connection`.
- Set the `Conn Type` to `Google Cloud Platform`.
- Set the `Project Id` to your project id
- Set the `Keyfile Path` to `<api_key_path>`.
- The `<api_key_path>` should be the same as the Airflow variable `api_key_path`.

> Next, add the Airflow variables. Click the Admin tab, then Variables. Click the `Choose file` button, select your variables file, and click import variables.

Author: ```suggestion
Next, add the Airflow variables. Click the Admin tab, then Variables. Click the `Choose file` button, select your variables file, and click import variables.
For production /stable environment, please use the deploy / CI mechanism instead of manual uploads.
```

> The `airflow_variables_*.txt` files provide a set of default values for variables.

Reviewer: it may be worthwhile to note that for production, stable composer environments, these steps should be automatically uploaded via CI. Manual uploads is sufficient for futurenet or ephemeral environments, but not production grade environments.
